Feature/improvements based on input from nanna (#12)
mftenergy/Gitting-comfortable: slidedeck/slides.md

::left::

> <!-- The left side of this does not show for some reason?! -->

Reviewer: heelp

+      System.Console.WriteLine("Rock all night long!");
   }
}
```
</div>
```  

> <arrow v-click at=5 x1="250" y1="400" x2="550" y2="450" color="#953" width="2" arrowSize="1" />

Reviewer: it pointed to nothing..

Useful commands:

```bash
# when a feature branch is checked out, then this command will merge the  current _local_ changes of 
# main into your current checked out branch.
git merge origin/main
# this is a combination command that will first pull changes from `origin main` and then merge these 
# changes to your current checked out branch.
git pull origin/main 
# this will do a rebase of current branch based on `origin main`.
git rebase origin/main
```

[Git merge strategies](https://git-scm.com/docs/merge-strategies) - explains different merge strategies that can be applied to `git merge`.

---

# Git: Merge / rebase - video

<br>
<br>

<div align="center"><iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/0chZFIZLR_0?si=wXEsqrpC528IVvkj" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe></div>

---

> # Git: Merge / rebasing - strategy

Reviewer: I know you've spent quite some time making these, but I think the video does a better job explaining them, with animations and examples. How do you think about removing all - strategy slides?

Author: I thought about it. So if you already agrees to that, then I will remove.

---

> # Git: Merge / rebase - rule of thumb

Reviewer: nice +1

There are not really any useful commands for when you need to handle a merge conflict, but there is one general recommendation;

* _Make use of an IDE to help you represent a merge conflict_. By default git will create a syntax highligting consisting of `>` and `<` characters to notate the two decision points on any given line/lines that represents the merge conflict. Making sense of these notations can be hard without a vision representation on top, such as vscode, Visual Studio, Idea IDE, Rider etc.

---

# Git: Merge conflict - video

<br>
<br>

<div align="center"><iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/Sqsz1-o7nXk?si=-vQfv2kamrGYfnf4&amp;start=68" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe></div>

---

> # Git: Merge conflicts

Reviewer: Same thing as before; I think the video is sufficient. Can we delete this section?

Reviewer: until 
# Git: Merge conflicts - recap

</template>

</v-switch>

---

# Git: Revert / Reset - recap

In previous section you learned about git `revert` and `reset`, which both are two commands for undoing work in git. `Revert` will undo commit(s) by creating a new commit with the undoing of the changes, while `reset` will "uncommit" or entirely erase committed changes based on strategy.

The most notable commands to remember are:

> * `git reset --soft/hard <commit-id>/HEAD~<index>`

Author: ```suggestion
* `git reset --soft HEAD~1` # for undoing the latest commit but keeping the changes staged
```

* `git pull origin` - will pull changes from origin for the current checked out branch

---

# Git: Push / Pull - video

404 not found

---

# Git: Push / Pull - recap

In previous section your learned about `git push` and `git pull` which are two commands that relatively synchronize local changes to origin and synchronize origin with your local state. 
Git has the notion of a _repository_, to which a user of the repository can synchronize its changes to and the user can `pull` other people changes from.
It is often best practice to when you have something that is working, and at least once a day, to push your changes with origin.

The most notable commands to remember are:

* `git push`
* `git pull`
* `git fetch`

---

# Git: Pull-Request - introduction

A git _Pull-Request_ is a server side operation of facilitating a merge between two branches. A _Pull-Request_ differs a lot servers between, but generally they all contain functionality like;

* Viewing diff view of changes _from_ branch _to_ branch
* _Assignee_ and _Reviewer_
* Comment threads
* Approvals, rejections and suggestions
* Merge with support for different strategies

---

# Git: Pull-Request - video

> 404 not found

Reviewer: Instead of a video, we could maybe add a couple of screenshots from azure or github?
